This policy is subject to change.

It governs the privacy terms of our Website, located at . Any capitalized terms not defined in our Privacy Policy, have the meaning as specified in our Terms of Service.
 
Your Privacy
HyperGAN follows all legal requirements to protect your privacy. Our Privacy Policy is a legal statement that explains how we may collect information from you, how we may share your information, and how you can limit our sharing of your information. You will see terms in our Privacy Policy that are capitalized. These terms have meanings as described in the Definitions section below.
 
Definitions
“Non Personal Information” is information that is not personally identifiable to you and that we automatically collect when you access our Website with a web browser. It may also include publicly available information that is shared between you and others.
 
“Personally Identifiable Information” is non-public information that is personally identifiable to you and obtained in order for us to provide you within our Website. Personally Identifiable Information may include information such as your name, email address, and other related information that you provide to us or that we obtain about you.
 
Information We Collect
Generally, you control the amount and type of information you provide to us when using our app.
  
Computer Information Collected
When you use our app, we automatically collect certain computer information by the interaction of your mobile phone or web browser with our Website. Such information is typically considered Non Personal Information. We also collect the following:
 
Cookies
Our App uses anonymous event tracking.
 
Automatic Information
We automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information includes the name of the website from which you entered our Website, if any, as well as the name of the website to which you’re headed when you leave our website. This information also includes the IP address of your computer/proxy server that you use to access the Internet, your Internet Website provider name, web browser type, type of mobile device, and computer operating system. We use all of this information to analyze trends among our Users to help improve our Website.
 
Third Party Services 
 
HyperGAN does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on androidexample behalf unless such transfer is legally required. Similarly, it is against HyperGAN policy to sell Personal Information collected online without consent. 
 
Your Consent
 
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to HyperGAN processing of Personal Information for the purposes given above as well as those explained where HyperGAN collects Personal Information on the Web. 
 
Information security
 
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
 
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services.
 
 
Updating your information We provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personally identifying information for many of our services. 
 
 
Information Sharing and Disclosure

HyperGAN does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people (save with your consent) or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with AndroidExample under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help AndroidExample communicate with you about offers from AndroidExample and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
 
Confidentiality and Security We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
 
Links to Other Websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites that are not under our direct control. These websites may have their own policies regarding privacy. We have no control of or responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. You access such linked Websites at your own risk. These websites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should check the privacy policies, if any, of those individual websites to see how the operators of those third-party websites will utilize your personal information. In addition, these websites may contain a link to Websites of our affiliates. The websites of our affiliates are not subject to this Privacy Policy, and you should check their individual privacy policies to see how the operators of such websites will utilize your personal information.
 
Privacy Policy Updates
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. You should review this Privacy Policy frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we may notify you on our Website, by a blog post, by email, or by any method we determine. The method we chose is at our sole discretion. We will also change the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy are effective as of this Last Updated date and replace any prior Privacy Policies.
 
Questions About Our Privacy Practices or This Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about our Privacy Practices or this Policy, please contact us.
 
 
